there were a lot of the video of DIY
group info information basically so in
this video I will be basically
challenging guys what's so good about
these cube first of all you can get the
mercury com just find your troop and
then order it there's seven dollars 50
cent but the shipping they cost up to
fourteen dollars or 15 I'm not sure and
if you want to buy the old DIY white a
which is the open which I think that
people say that it pops a lot and there
is the other one which doesn't pop Ozzy
is obviously Morris can say with twenty
dollars this is 13 to 14 and people say
that this cube pops a lot but really it
doesn't it does when you have your when
you have your cube not perfectly set it
up or we have really loose but if you
want to buy this cube it's really smooth
really awesome but just came be careful
to for Papa did you reply to a silicone
really amazing and I'm really happy with
the results this cube do get some
attention on the assembly they not
assembled when you get some hair to
assemble them and you can watch a video
highly recommended passbooks video on
the assembly and you guys and you'll be
ok highly recommended cubes DIY cube you
can slice them DIY tube on youtube
specially you can see many videos on it
don't like short video about the
information VoIP you tuned for many more
DIY cube solves and other videos I pass
to another seven because enjoyed it by
you